[Logger] Add placeholders for dynamic data (#17977)
symfony/symfony-docs: logging.rst

    public function index(LoggerInterface $logger)
    {

>         // always use placeholders for dynamic data

Reviewer: I'dd add this example bellow the basic `->info()` and `->error()` example.

Also, let's add some information about what's this, how to use them and why are they useful. A proposal:

```php
// log messages can also contain placeholders (wrap the placeholder name with braces)
// these placeholders are useful for logging tools, which can aggregate log messages 
// that are the same except for some variable values inside them
$logger->debug('User {userId} has logged in', [
    'userId' => $this->getUserId(),
]);
```

Author: Sure, I've also added some information about translation and security.

Reviewer 2: Another good advantage of using placeholders, yes!

        $logger->info('I just got the logger');
        $logger->error('An error occurred');

        // log messages can also contain placeholders (wrap the placeholder name with braces)
        // these placeholders are useful for logging tools, which can aggregate log messages
        // that are the same except for some variable values inside them, for translation

>         // systems in order to create localized messages and for security because escaping
>         // will be done by the implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // systems in order to create localized messages, and for security because escaping
        // can then be done by the implementation in a context-aware fashion.
```

Adding the Oxford Comma (it matters here), and and expanding the wording slightly.
